We are going to comment on this because we have been
commenting on it a lot in
recent days and it seems to me that we should
really give it a voice because it has very few
visitors, it has very few visitors on its
Twitter account. It turns out that Carmen Lomana,
well, there is no need for her to put much
context, right? Or the move that
Carmen Lomana has had in the last few days,
in the last week with Pilar Vidal, do
you remember that Gloria Camila said, I said
that Gloria was in front and she said Gloria
Camila, what I heard, I didn't see it as
derogatory, I didn't see it with bad
intentions, do you remember that Gloria
Camila said it like that, no, well. Well, it turns
out that Carmen Lomana has defended herself on
her Twitter account, she has given a little more
context about how things were and
in the end it was what we were saying, let's
see, you're talking about obesity, you're
talking about health, it was the topic of the day. It
was one of the topics of the day, they ask for her
opinion and then Carmen, when she is
giving it, she sees that Pilar is
looking at her, kind of attentive to what is being
said about obesity. And then she
feels like she is rushed and she comes out to say,
Pilar, Excuse me.  don't feel offended that's not
calling her fat but besides
anyway I was already
commenting on it in other videos and in
other comments no in the end the word
fat just like the word ugly and like many
other words Look there are
many words that you pu there are many
words that the same word the
very same word can be an insult
an adjective a qualifier
[Music] an
irony or it can even be
endearing or it can even be affectionate I mean it
all depends on the intention the
tone of the context anything goes I mean I
can stop you I can give you many
words as an example among them
fat fat can be an insult it can be a
disqualification it can be in a
derogatory way it can be it can be an
adjective simply Hey my father is
very fat Hey my mother is very fat she
has to lose weight
things have to be said nowadays with with gloves of
Late okay how much longer until 3000
aroa less than less than 100 less than 100
now we do the calculation less than
100  Javi you no longer have the X Blue Yes yes I
have it What happens is that since I
changed the photo the verification is removed for a few days
and reappears but on
Twitter we are doing very well We
are almost reaching 100000
Uh it was very difficult for me to decide to make
this video but really I can't take it
anymore after seeing myself for four days
on all the digital sites saying
momana called Pilar
Vidal fat that is not true that is not true that is
based on a huge lie
what happened was the following and I
have to explain it because I
am having a bad time with this because you are
incapable of denying a lie
because they don't even let you it is clear that they
accuse you of something like this is ugly because they
are accusing you of being derogatory towards
people for their
physical qualities you know then of course it annoys you Come on
eh there was a meeting
before entering the set an hour before
in which it was mentioned that there was going to be an
overweight and obese boy and girl
that the girl is happy not  she took it
badly and yet the man did and that there was going to be
a Well between them Well, they were going
to exchange impressions about why
one liked it and the other didn't That's
all then the director asked us
Well let's talk about this what do you
think and I said what seems to me
objectively is that being
overweight and fat It's not good for your health
or for your arteries reality is a
reality man but there are a lot of people
who are like normalizing me for
example when these ads come out I mean
one thing is that you don't
go and mess with people because they're
overweight of course it would be lacking
okay And that you don't insult people
because they're overweight perfect but
another thing is to romanticize another thing is to
say that it's healthy that it's fine
or whatever one thing is that you have an
average normal weight that it's not that it's not that you do
n't have to be in shape You do
n't have to be drawn you don't have to
be super pretty You know Everyone has
their body normal bodies
normal bodies Hey well I have a little bit of a
tummy Hey well I have a tit
here okay but that's one thing and another
thing is obesity because I'm
seeing that there are even
eh clothing stores clothing brands and
swimsuit brands lingerie brands
that put models on you let's see that
basically one thing is not to discriminate and
that nobody feels discriminated but
another thing is that you sell it as if
nothing is wrong that you have to be like that let's
see
eh it is a very delicate subject and it is an issue of
course that I understand that it is painful and
annoying not for the people who suffer from it
but but you have to take care of yourself and not
only
because not only because you are more handsome or
uglier that doesn't
matter do you understand me I mean the issue of
obesity is it is less healthy it is less
healthy and has more risk of little things you know I'm
not going to go into that because I'm not an
expert okay but it is something that is a
reality nothing is wrong you can't you can't
move well you can't if
something comes up you have to go up the stairs
go down run you
know so there are situations that
we are taking them to a point that is
hiding the reality for me
eh says Martina to a person with
diabetes we would say Hey you have to
take care of yourself look
Martina what you have  I sent it and you
deleted me Oh yeah That was the video This was
the
video This was the
video This was the video we talked about
before with Jorge Well I'll
put it on Twitter later eh Let's see if
you tell me about specific cases
Martina of course there are those
decisions and there are people who have no
choice
okay we can have this debate as long
as you want For example I can tell you
that imagine I tell you let's see what
example I can give that isn't
unfortunate and that nobody takes it the
wrong way look at what the level is like no I have to be
careful that nobody
takes it the wrong way eh Imagine I tell you that
the healthiest thing is to
have Look Imagine what I
tell you is very healthy not only
for the physique to have more or
less kilos but for the heart level
okay move go up go down the stairs walk I
don't know how many steps a day eh run a
little walk fast take walks okay
Imagine I tell you that
everyone should walk a little every
day okay obviously  there are people who
have conditions and who have a situation, they
may be some disability with their
legs. I know many situations, pass
a kiss queen who just gave away another
10 members. Thank you very much, there are people who can't,
there are people who can't, they have
some kind of problem and they can't, okay,
well they can't, they can't, it's an exception,
okay,
but when we talk about this,
about not being able to tell a person
that being fatter is not
healthy, we're talking about not being able to
tell anyone, okay. And I understand that there will be
people who have, I think I don't know,
correct me if I'm wrong, okay, but I think
that there are people who find it harder to
lose the weight, even that there are people for whom it is
not possible for x reason, 1
circumstances that can occur in your
life because each one has a
different circumstance in life, both in terms
of health and situations, like
pathology, whatever, psychological,
whatever, okay. But there are other people who
are fat because they
want to, there are other people who are fat
because they want to, because because their
priority is, instead of losing the
weight, and instead of being healthy, well, they
like it more, they're lying around every day
smoking and eating Doritos,  you understand
So it is understood that when you are
talking about that we have to take care of ourselves that we
have to try damn it is that in the end
we have a body and what we damage to
our body we will not be
able to recover later and when
things take their toll on you as you get
older there are things that
sometimes you cannot solve
so the more you take care of yourself the better V
you will be better off you understand me maybe you
will even last longer and you will have
a fuller life you understand So
if you talk to me about Oh there is a
person who has this there is a person
who maybe has a
stomach problem there is a person who has I don't know
what there is a person let's see obviously I know that there
are
exceptions there are people who have
disabilities and they cannot walk there are
people who have a disability and
cannot see there are people who have but
we talk about the general understanding that there are
exceptions Okay so those people
who have those exceptions okay For
example I have a
chronic illness which is chromosomal Okay so
I have my
special care because each person who has
certain circumstances will have a
control by professionals and will have
their care  special but it is spoken
in general you understand Like let's see
what I came to say is
and my message my summary I don't know if you
will agree okay if you have another
opinion tell me
Okay says Javi but the body of the
week not
everyone can do it you know the amount of
cosmetic surgeries that her body has had I don't
know I don't know the woman with
70 something years is very good I don't know
obviously Of course not everyone has the same
situation but let's see can't
take care of their physique the same the one who gets
up at 6 in the morning every
day to go to a bakery or at 4
in the morning to work or to the market and
has to work 12 hours and 15 hours
can't have the same diet or
do the same sports or take the
same care nor can
a person who has a lot of money and
has a quieter job take care of themselves the same as a
person who works but the thing is that you are
taking you are already taking the debate to
extremes and to specific situations let's
see within what is possible what I am
saying is within what is possible within
what is possible  It's one thing for you not to
go around the street insulting people
without respecting them, telling a person that they
're fat or whatever, but another thing
is to say that it's okay, it's all the
same, you understand, it's all the same whether you're
overweight or not, you
understand, I don't know if I'm explaining myself
well or maybe I'm explaining myself
like crap,
eh Not even for the joints. But anyway, having
said that, everyone knows what they have to
do and at that moment I realized
that Pilar Vidal was there and she
was looking at me and just to be
polite in case she didn't like us
talking about the subject, I told her Pilar I'm
sorry if this bothered you, I didn't
realize but I never told her Pilar you're
fat Pilar you're fat It's just that it wouldn't even
occur to me, among other things because I don't
care, she can be however she wants,
then on set the whole scene started,
I didn't imagine that they were going to do that,
that this lady who acts all polite, she acts
good, called me fat and started
crying because that's the only thing I could say  I arrived at
my mother's Well, a drama and I Without being able to
even defend myself because they hardly let me
speak No, no, she started to
say She started to say Yes, yes, let
all of Spain know that Carmen Lomana
called me fat and you can't base
arguments on lies because I can't uh
apologize for something I haven't
said Anyway, when Susana
Griso said Well, make the p I didn't get
angry But I said, well, let's make
up and that's it, I don't know what kind of peace I went to
give her a hug and she rejected me very say
Well, that's what it is and I wanted to tell you, I have
never said Pilar you're fat or Pilar
you're a fat girl Never That's her problem,
not
mine, that's it I imagined it was like that
uh I imagined it was like that from the beginning